Adding transform examples (#148)
AdobeDocs/graphql-mesh-gateway: src/pages/reference/transforms/rename.md

## Usage

> The following example renames Venia's `currency` query to `currencyType`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example renames the `currency` query field to `currencyType` in the Adobe Commerce source.
```

```json
{
  "meshConfig": {
    "sources": [
      {

>         "name": "Adobe Commerce Rename",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "name": "AdobeCommerce",
```
